nice try to get so you have first are
you recording yes okay so this is this
is a permanent not that we're making in
the line in order to make anchors and
it's called an overhand knot it's really
simple okay so all I'm doing is I'm
making a loop here gotta make kind of a
bigger loop it's better if you have a
bigger loop it's just easier to deal
with that
and then I'm just folding it over
drive back up through setting over
handler her car actually
make this
a lot bigger
will help take up a lot of the slack
you have such a long
the ink i'm sorry
see okay now basically all this does is
it makes a wheeler not going to move got
it and it'll tighten itself by going
right as you pull on it it'll eventually
use into its own which is not good no
which is good it is good for its for a
permanent not it doesn't matter if it
uses fine if occur
second loop
probably about the same length
yeah it doesn't have to be perfect
because you know oh yeah
so this looks like something you can you
only need to maybe make once yes these
are permanent oh you do them once this
is just to initially set up the lawn got
it you might have to do it if you get
new anchor or put it that's your sex 1
inc ok and then it wraps around the tree
I mean look how much you've got like
five you have to wrap it around numerous
times I can see where you'd want to have
the straps yeah so these go like that
got it
we the same thing